bpo-28254: Add a C-API for controlling the state of the garbage collector (#25687)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.10.rst

  singleton or the ``False`` singleton.
  (Contributed by Victor Stinner in :issue:`43753`.)

* Add new functions to quickly control the garbage collector from C code:
  :c:func:`PyGC_Enable()`,
  :c:func:`PyGC_Disable()`,

>   :c:func:`PyGC_IsEnabled()`.

Reviewer: Please document these functions but also PyGC_Collect().

https://docs.python.org/dev/c-api/gcsupport.html may be good home for this.

I'm disappointed, PyGC_Collect() is not documented at all!

Author: Yeah, I was kind of considering that they might have been intentionally undocumented. But probably not. I'll write something up.

Author: Done.

>   This previously required importing the :mod:`gc` module and calling
>   Python functions in it, which is cumbersome from C code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  These functions allow to activate, deactivate and query the state of the garbage collector from C code without
  having to import the :mod:`gc` module.
```
